src/hellfall/TODO.md, before:

# Changes to make to database
~~- god I hate this card~~
- 54
- 53
- Hellscube Alignment Chart
- Ancient Hexadon could use sides/faces
~~- nd.Doo -> nd. Doo~~
- label column for Man // Door // Hand // Hook // Car Door
~~- Cardboard Phoenix doesn't have a color~~
~~- BR, U, R, BG, W, P, GU, BP, URP, WG, WB, RG, None, I guess colorless., Colorless, None~~
~~- 420Templar and 420 Templar Ginkhole~~
- Bear Grylls (Not a Bear) // Bear Grylls (An Actual Bear). is it green?
~~- Spring // Winter // Summer // Fall cap instant~~
~~- Wrenn and thirteen is a Planewalker~~
~~- Bad Land // Bad Land type~~
- Update the Name section of the tokens database, it's kinda messey

- token sheet: Opt needs Opter // Shocker
- "Related Cards (Read Comment)": "Murder*3;CROW HURRICANE",


Think of a better way to store sides

Write a script to transform the database
- Wrap in data, delete 54 53


# UI
~~- make color search not suck~~
- ~~make color sort not suck~~
~~- add coloridentity function~~
~~- Support Piss~~
~~-Support Pickles~~
~~- Support B/W hybrid~~
~~- Enter key should submit search~~
~~- add guide for !~~
~~- mobile support~~
~~- Script to fetch and transform sheets directly from google doc~~
- sort by year/set

# Mana symbols that need support
- ?
- 2/P
- 3/P
- {M}
- {BB/P}

Commit message:

ID in Search
Added support for ID, as well as use of ID instead of Name

src/hellfall/TODO.md, after:

# Changes to make to database

~~- god I hate this card~~

- 54
- 53
- Hellscube Alignment Chart
- Ancient Hexadon could use sides/faces
  ~~- nd.Doo -> nd. Doo~~
- label column for Man // Door // Hand // Hook // Car Door
  ~~- Cardboard Phoenix doesn't have a color~~
  ~~- BR, U, R, BG, W, P, GU, BP, URP, WG, WB, RG, None, I guess colorless., Colorless, None~~
  ~~- 420Templar and 420 Templar Ginkhole~~
- Bear Grylls (Not a Bear) // Bear Grylls (An Actual Bear). is it green?
  ~~- Spring // Winter // Summer // Fall cap instant~~
  ~~- Wrenn and thirteen is a Planewalker~~
  ~~- Bad Land // Bad Land type~~
- Update the Name section of the tokens database, it's kinda messey

- token sheet: Opt needs Opter // Shocker
- "Related Cards (Read Comment)": "Murder\*3;CROW HURRICANE",

Think of a better way to store sides

Write a script to transform the database

- Wrap in data, delete 54 53

# UI

~~- make color search not suck~~

- ~~make color sort not suck~~
  ~~- add coloridentity function~~
  ~~- Support Piss~~
  ~~-Support Pickles~~
  ~~- Support B/W hybrid~~
  ~~- Enter key should submit search~~
  ~~- add guide for !~~
  ~~- mobile support~~
  ~~- Script to fetch and transform sheets directly from google doc~~
- add option for descending sort
- sort by year/set (isn't this just id?)
- sort by id
- sort by color but not cmc
- sort by 
- use mv instead of cmc
- add support for version of color identity with hybrids allowed

# Mana symbols that need support

- ?
- 2/P
- 3/P
- {M}
- {BB/P}
